Scope Cloud Topics shadow link limitation to versions earlier than 26.2 (#1812)
redpanda-data/documentation: modules/develop/partials/cloud-topics-limitations.adoc

// tag::limitations[]

> - In Redpanda versions earlier than 26.2, shadow links do not support Cloud Topics. Starting in version 26.2, this limitation no longer applies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In Redpanda versions earlier than v26.2, shadow links do not support Cloud Topics. Starting in v26.2, this limitation no longer applies.
```
